hello everybody this is mr. tire games
and today I'm doing another mod review
and today's mod is memes memes and
minecraft so um let's just hop in and
we're in the giant tree that I built and
let's start going down losing altitude
Oh No Oh what is what is this the
trololo guy is growling at me hey man
let's just calm down let's just calm
down oh my goodness they're louder than
like anything in the world okay hey hey
don't growl at me and then we got the
banana guy and then we got pedobear he
stares at me and then we got on my bar
amala's or and then we got me gusta and
then we got nyan cat and then we got one
last one we see him in his natural
environment he barks cuz he's sad you
know why he said it's because he's
forever alone no okay so I'm gonna kill
him because I just gotta put him out of
his misery and I I gotta show you guys
what he drops I'm sorry don't bark at me
like that he drops diamonds so I think
he's pretty rare you find them in caves
of course alone usually and then we got
the neons hey may I am just chilling in
here with you you growling at me man oh
they're pigmen oh I'm so sorry about
that
and he drops cold it looks like yep they
drop pearl a coal I just saw the troll
guy there so let's see what me booster
drops hope they're sheep he drops iron
scrap that and then we got I'm a farmer
and wonderful guy he does not explode
even know he makes a creeper sound but
he does drop TMT so that's cool hey man
I know you're moaning at me but I am
above age so sorry I jerk drops arrows
I'm thinking this love arrows and then
we got the banana guy hey man how's it
going just chill in here with you he
looks like you know how to party that
one doesn't make any sound you didn't
drop anything neither does that one um I
don't know if they do drop anything I
know the trololo guy drops a you're
making me destroy my map he drops sticks
and they're pretty hard to kill all of
them are I mean it took me a couple hits
with the diamond a me gusta hey how's it
going I and they try and attack you they
do about they hit pretty hard so be
careful of that and let me fix this
because it's bothering me and um that's
about it for this mod review um if you
want to see any much just leave it in
the comments I'll get to it and also I'm
going to do one more mod and then I'm
going to do um the map that I was
talking about earlier it's the zombie
siege map the owners name is mega hater
so check them out on youtube if you want
to
and I'll give you a hint about the next
mod I'm going to do it involves slashing
and slapping so enjoy the next one I
guess I'm just drawing this out on I ok
talk to you guys later bye